It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and here in Hong Kong, you're watching
the China Show. I'm Annabel Droolers
with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. Counting down to the open
of Greater Markets and Greater China.
Okay, stumble at the top of the show.
Things only get better from here. Um, as
with equity market stocks are rising for
a third day as weak [music] US data
prompts traders to increase bets on a
Fed rate cut next month.
US Treasury is also rallying as
Bloomberg reveals the doubbish Kevin
Hasset is now the front runner to
[music] replace JPAL as the top US
central banker.
>> And also ahead here, we're looking at
shares of Alibaba slump [music] in ADRs
overnight. Extremely heavy volumes
there. It's food delivery business. It's
eating into quarterly profits offsetting
[music] gains for its cloud computing
arm. And a fresh challenge for the
iPhone with Huawei launching new models
aimed at derailing Apple's march toward
becoming [music] the world leader in
smartphones.
We start the the show this morning with
some breaking news and we do have a
[music] decision from the RBNZ. They
have cut their benchmark interest rate
by 25 basis points to 2.25%.
This is the decision that 21 of 24
economists that we survey had seen. So I
don't think it's going to be any
surprise. But I think what's interesting
as well is that so far they've already
said that door is open possibly to
further easing to come. They are looking
at inflation as well to fall to around
2% by mid 2026. It has been a very
interesting time for the RBNZ because
they were the front runners in in the
cycle to begin with, but they've really
faced this challenge of you've got
lackluster economic growth, you've got
weak immigration, soft housing market.
They've already had to cut more than
expected. What does it mean for the
trajectory for rates from here? But of
course to note as well that the governor
Christian Hawksby who's going to be
giving that press in an hour's time,
this is his last decision because he has
been acting in the position. They have a
new leader coming in. It is the last
decision for this year as well. the the
reaction is quite curious and I have to
caveat that by saying it's a bit early
given all the details of the statement
are just coming out. The reason I say
that is we're look actually getting a
hawkish reaction in markets and the Kiwi
dollar is underscoring that point and
I'm just looking at the headlines that
have come through so far and if I had to
deduce
personally what that might be down to uh
I'm looking at two specific headlines
coming through. one is that there is
some chance of one more 25 basis point
cut next year. So they're probably not
done, but some underscores maybe a
smaller possibility that that's the
case. And number two,
uh that they do see economic activity
picking up. And the notion that they
might be done in this easing cycle to
the B point Bell was making there that
they were ahead of the curve as far as
that's concerned. They might be done
just right. But yes, well we we'll we'll
we'll keep an eye of course on more
details coming through and of course in
the next hour as we were just pointing
out we do have that briefing and
hopefully adding some color as to why we
are getting this hawkish reaction across
across these markets. That is also to
say when you look at the benchmark on
the Asia Pacific we are doing better by
about 1%. We're getting Taiwan coming
online of course and I do expect that to
show some green on the screens. a lot of
the upturn we're seeing in risk assets
and let's call it reflation uh in the
risk trade down to the fact that we are
getting a lot more pricing coming
through for a cut in December that's
reflected in the dollar that's reflected
in a two-year yield that is very close
now to taking out the low that we hit
back in October and below that we're
back to 22 22 levels uh on the two-year
yield in fact just on that very note
we're about 90% price now for a cut in
December Taiwan coming online you have
the costby the nicke straight times
index also coming up on your screens and
there we So, as expected, we're better
by about, let's call it 1 one and a
half%. On the benchmarks there, not the
same story, though uh that we might see
in in equities today as far as greater
China goes. We did get some gains uh on
the H on on the HXC benchmark. That's a
golden dragon index overnight, but of
course, not as reflective as the the
broader rally in tech that might be down
to the Baba drag 2.3%. Kai, another
fantastic day. Uh one stock to watch
going into the open today. futures are
coming up on your screens right now and
maybe splitting the difference. Yeah,
there we go. So, Asia is better by 1%.
It's not negative, but we are modestly
higher only going into the open today.
Uh, one other thing to note, the Fed
conversations showing up as far as the
yuan goes, which is now the strongest
level going back to October of last
year. Bill,
>> yeah, maybe the path is set for it to
head down to seven. That's sort of the
the big question now for for the for the
currency. But, yeah, you mentioned
Hasset. I mean that is sort of the
market theme of the day as well. This
narrative we're getting is the the the
the White House National Economic
Council Director Kevin Hasset now
emerging as the front runner. That
certainly seems to be what we're getting
in terms of of reporting that we have
here at Bloomberg and our sources. But I
mean, it's going to be an interesting
one to see because because Kevin Hasset
is someone who's very much aligned with
that Trump vision around easing
>> and he he might not actually have to
pull teeth to get people in line with
reducing interest rates, right? Because
the data is doing that for him. So on
top of course a more dovish complexion
on the Fed, the data agnostic of maybe
who heads the Fed just as a mental
exercise is pointing to um substantial
downside there. So overnight we had
retail sales missing estimates. I think
we have a graphic that shows you that uh
we do have uh there we go 90% priced. We
do have we also did get the the consumer
confidence numbers coming through uh sub
89 on that specific metric which
actually is the second lowest on that
index since corona uh back in 2020 and
also missing estimates by about a by the
most in about a year. So the data's
actually turned quite negative, of
course, in favor of course of of more
easing coming through out of the Fed. Uh
from that, of course, we're also looking
at Alibaba. Of course, we're looking at
that indicated lower going into the open
today.
>> Indicated lower. I think there's just so
many different themes to pick up on in
these numbers because firstly, you had
that cloud revenue growth. You continue
to see that for a ninth consecutive
quarter.
>> I think that that Toby Shu, the CFO in
the earnings call was very
>> Here's the bullish side coming by the
way. No, I think I think I was going to
say more around the capex. You know, we
didn't really get much more in terms of
the capex. What are they planning to
spend on AI, but we did actually hear
from Eddie Woo as well saying that he
doesn't see any sort of bubble forming
in the next two to three years. And he
definitely thinks that that that there's
actually an under supply of of service
in the market today. On the quick
commerce side, I mean, there was just so
much attention on that as well. But
let's uh talk about the market reaction
because ADRs, of course, they they they
dropped and and we're seeing that as
well. those indications for the Hong
Kong session today. Again, it's really
coming down to those those delivery
wars, the quick commerce wars as well
and the impact that's having puts a lot
of focus on the mtoan numbers coming up
on Friday as well. But let's get more
with our China correspondent Mim Low
this morning. So, Mim, as we said, lots
to unpack, but but what is the the the
first focus for you?
>> Yeah, I mean, it's a very complex
business and I think it's interesting
the amount of trading volume overnight
was about double the usual volume. It
shows you how much interest there is in
this company. But if you break down the
numbers, the top lines are all looking
very positive. Whether it's overall
revenue up by 5%, that was better than
expected. You look at the e-commerce
revenue, double digit growth, 16%. You
look at the cloud revenue, that's of
course the standout sector. It's 34%
growth. That is really uh seeing being
seen as the most promising growth driver
for the company right now. But then you
look at the bottom line and that's where
you see all the pain points, right? net
income was not great. We're seeing the
biggest profit slump so far. Uh IATA
when it comes to the e-commerce segment
slumped by about 76%.
Uh and the quick commerce platform uh
that is where we're seeing losses even
though the losses have been reduced by
about 50% or so. Some analysts are
saying that the losses are still
horrifying. Um, and it's because of the
billions of un that the company has
spent on subsidies for merchants and
consumers to fight off all that price
competition with the other companies
like MTON and JD.com. And so, as you
said, a lot of focus is going to be on
what Mtoan's numbers are going to look
like on Friday.
>> You know, if analysts describe losses on
a financial statement as horrifying, I
[laughter] think I think they're pretty
much living a good life if I think about
it. All that is to say, Minman, let's
talk about the CEO dismissing uh sides
of an AI bubble. What do we know there?
>> Yeah. So, interestingly, interestingly,
Eddie Wu said that he didn't see he
doesn't see the risk of an AI bubble
forming for the next 3 years. And the
reason is because he said the amount of
customer orders they're getting on their
cloud business is far outpacing their
ability to add new servers. That
infrastructure crunch is what they're
facing now. The supply chain crunch,
chips are running at full capacity. And
this really echoes what Nvidia's Jensen
Hong also said in terms of the demand
that they are seeing, right? And in
terms of investments, Alibaba already
pledged about 380 billion UN in
investments over the next 3 years. That
that's an old number, but the company
did say they don't rule out adding
further investment. They are aggressive
in adding further investment there. And
their priority is going to be on
training the foundational AI models to
upgrade that to unlock new profits
because we did see the launch of their
revamp version of the Quen model. It's
the fastest roll out of any AI service
in China so far. Within for uh I think
the first few days they got 10 million
downloads. Um and I mean right now if
you compare capex spending, yes, it is
head and shoulders above above the rest.
Tencent is looking at low teens, but
it's still below what the US
hyperscalers are spending. And so
perhaps that's why he's still confident
that more spending is the way to go.
>> Right. Minman Low, thank you so much
setting the stage for us as we go into
the Alibaba story. 20 minutes away the
opening bell and of course also joining
us at about that time is Alicia Yap out
of City Group of course also helping
coming on to break down the numbers. I
think they've raised I believe their
price target for the stock and into all
the uh get into the weeds of things with
her uh at those times on the screen.
Just very quickly also just to recap the
news coming through out of the RBNZ and
the market is continuing uh this hawkish
tilt there. As you can see the Kiwi
dollar is now at session highs and is
now up against every single one of its
peers and that [clears throat] statement
does underscore perhaps that this might
be again to underscore this might be the
end of the tightening cycle the easing
cycle. More on that in a moment. Kiwi
dollars b 8/10en of 1%. That takes us
straight into other monetary policy
issues. Yeah, exactly. And then who's
going to be leading the Fed next? But
but on that point, Bloomberg's learned
that the White House National Economic
Council Director Kevin Hasset is firming
as the front runner to be the next Fed
Reserve chair. That's with the search
for J. Pal's success and now in its
final weeks, our Federal Reserve and
economy reporter Ender Curran joins us
from Washington. So Ender, thanks very
much for making the time to speak with
us and and talk to us about this
reporting because it is it is a scoop
for us here at Bloomberg. What do we
know so far?
Well, it suggests that as the process
gets near the end, like you mentioned
there, Annabelle, that um Kevin Hasset,
who is the entity director, seems to be
leading the pack at the moment and now
of course he is seen as quite aligned on
the economy with President Trump. He
shares the president's views that the
economy can do with lower interest rates
right now. He certainly has been
critical of the Fed, both the
institution and Fed Chair Jerome Powell.
So he's clearly on board for changing up
how the Fed operates and thinks about
the economy for example. And he's also
been pushing bigger ideas too. For
example, making the point that we are in
an AIdriven productivity boom just like
the 1990s and by extension of course
that means good growth, low inflation
and you can keep interest rates low. So
he is clearly a similar sharing a
similar worldview to President Trump on
the economy. Now however it must be said
a decision on this has not been made.
It's not yet final according to the
White House. We know that there are five
candidates on the short list and that's
due to be whittleled down a bit further
according to Treasury Secretary Scott
Bezant and a final decision is expected
over the coming weeks perhaps this side
of Christmas but right here right now my
colleagues in the White House saying
that um Kevin Hasset is among the front
runners
>> I early Thanksgiving really for for
doves out there and the can you also
help us understand what the data showing
we talked about this very very briefly
retail sales consumer confidence all
pointing to Again, mental, you know,
just a theoretical exercise here. Maybe
the, you know, we don't need a dove on
the Fed for them to cut interest rates.
The data is telling us that probably is
the right thing to do.
>> Could well be. First point to make
though, Dave, is don't forget we haven't
had any real official data, right? We're
not going to have proper jobs data, jobs
data or inflation data before the Fed
meets in December. Yes, there is no end
of private sector numbers. There is
state level data. All of that in the
aggregate. It does point, however, to
the story that you're saying there,
which is the economy is softening in
pockets. Consumer spending coming off
the boil in September a little bit less
than expected. You have mixed signals
from the big box retailers. Some saying
consumers are spending strongly, others
saying they're being much more careful
about how they go about it. Consumer
confidence certainly taking a dip.
That's going through the floor on
concerns about prices and about job
security. We're getting headlines about
companies laying off staff. Now, to be
clear, equally though, overall activity,
the aggregate data is doing well. That's
partly because of course of the AI boom
here. And even if the labor market is
softening, well, we don't yet know how
much by what extent it is softening by.
We um the unemployment rate remains low
by historical standards. So, there's a
case here for both sides of this. The
hulks are worried about where
inflation's at. They're talking about
keeping getting back to that target as a
priority. And of course, the doves are
saying, "Wait a minute, there's a risk
here of being behind the curve on the
labor market." It's clearly a difficult
call for them as we head into that head
into that December meeting in a few
weeks.
>> Yeah, and you did see that that market
reaction with treasuries gaining and
pushing that 10-year yield down to
around the 4% mark. But that was our Fed
Reserve and economy reporter Ander
joining us there from Washington. And we
are counting down as well to the open of
trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hong Kong.
You're watching the China show. We're
going to have more on the market
reaction. Alibaba's numbers very much
the big focus. We could see it [music]
dropping as well when China comes online
in 15 minutes from now.
>> All right. Uh welcome back. Uh you're
[music] watching the China show. The fix
of the day is in the context here apart
from obviously be a daily event for us
here is that you had a very big drop uh
in dollar China overnight. I think the
steepest drop in in months it's taken us
to 708 handle uh 707 in fact below that
as we speak now. Okay. Um I just correct
myself there. risk reversals have also
pointed to more perhaps more downside on
the Chinese currency uh on on on the
pair rather to correct myself but yes
certainly something to consider given
the dollar weakness out there that's
really provided a platform for equities
to rally uh even further we're up three
days now for Asia uh Asian equities
right now okay uh to help us understand
where we are in the cycle going into
next year joining us here on set me acid
global investment CIO Johan uh good
morning very nice to see you
>> uh good to see you again
>> um positive for next year.
>> Uh brutally yes. Um, of course there are
some like a risk factors that to watch.
But if you consider the earnings growth,
uh, it's going to bottom out from almost
flattish this year to, uh, probably
below double digits next year in Asia
Japan. And also if you consider
valuation uh, thanks to the recent
healthy pullback, healthy correction,
now it's not very demanding. it's about
the 13.5 times uh and also uh if you
think about the some structural uh
changes and trends in the world which
will benefit some Asian companies like
uh the US for example the US push to
diversify their supply chain out of the
China there may be some Korean companies
and Taiwanese companies that will
benefit from uh uh from this kind of new
trend structurally uh so this structure
issue is not going to go away and uh the
next thing is the liquidity environment
also the rate cut in December we don't
know yet but uh the probability is
higher if not then it will you know come
earlier next year to look at the
environment also uh uh QT is going to
end going to end next week and then if
this banking system liquidity is this
tight still then maybe QE could be
introduced earlier than expected uh next
early next year. So liquidity
environment is also supportive and then
lastly geopolitical issues which you
know uh press the market a lot this year
earlier this year but at least uh until
the first quarter le next year because
in April you know miss uh she and Trump
are going to meet uh that's what we hear
so far so yeah this kind of geopolitical
issues also u will be relatively muted.
So that's why I think you know
considering all these kind of you know
factors I think overall at this moment
we are going to utilize this kind of the
market correction and pullback uh year
end you know correction uh driven by
taking profit and locking profit demand
as a buying opportunities for the good
and high quality companies are going to
benefit from this kind of structural uh
changes going forward. So you mentioned
two of those companies or or bosses
rather that are very exposed to the to
the AI story here in Asia. There's
Korea, there's Taiwan, Japan as well
perhaps to a lesser extent. But out of
Japan and Taiwan uh Korea rather, which
one's your preferred going into next
year?
>> You mean the the regarding the AIA
theme?
>> Yeah, the in China, you know, uh now
this AF theme is becoming more like a
hegimony war between the US
>> Korea and Taiwan.
>> In Korea and Taiwan, sorry. Uh so in
Korea obviously now uh the memory chip
uh related ones and also uh the power
equipment side. So power uh the shortage
is really like a structure issues that
are not going to be solved anytime soon.
So uh we think uh those two two sectors
you know the semiconductor and the power
shortage related names are our topics in
in Korea and also in Taiwan as well kind
of similar theme. So it's not just
semiconductor and also other you know
industrial and then the tech sectors
which are uh related to the power sector
as well. So those are the our you know
topics in Korea and Taiwan really
regarding the AIM. Yeah.
>> Just going to ask you I know you hold um
Alibaba as one of their sort of top
stock exposures right now. I think
shares are down two and a half% in the
pre-market. What do you make of the
earnings and do you think this is a
buying opportunity? Like how are you
going to manage your Alibaba exposure?
It's not expensive but we do not think
that it's a very good entry point to um
uh jump in yet
>> because yes so we are holding it but
just a equal weight
>> at this moment. Um the reason for that
is AI and the cloud business is doing
very well and um even ahead of the the
estimates but at the same time we see
that how strong their spending is on the
local services and the consumption
businesses and then originally we
thought that maybe third quarter of this
year could be the the the kind of the
peak of the spending but whenever I see
the market um and industry experts and I
can see that actually that spending and
the competition is not actually getting
uh uh smaller and getting weaker. So uh
I really it really depends on the
communication and how we hear from the
management going forward. you know for
the next you know one or two months we
are going to just talk to the management
and industry experts that if you see we
need to see some signs of uh kind of
this reduced spending and the more kind
of to come uh the competition otherwise
uh even though the top line will be
driven by the you know the good AI but
the bottom line will you know if you
continue it if it continues to be
disappointing then maybe may this you
know the period of the big competition
it could be uh longer than our original
uh expectations So even though in quick
commerce in particular they managed to
increase the average order size. They're
bringing down logistics costs. There
were some signs of brighter spots that's
not enough for you right now just given
that level of spending on
>> eventually will be positive for the
company because you know they lost the
momentum in you know the consumption
areas for many years right. So maybe if
they are uh going to be successful uh
you know putting everything under the TA
platform and then kind of you know
there's like a rebuilding and
restructuring their you know consumption
businesses which is it could be good. So
we are positive you know thematically
and then from you know more big picture
um but again the next one or two more
quarters if you know it's really bloody
and uh then in terms of timing because
you ask about the timing. Yeah. So in
terms of timing maybe it's not a you
know not a perfect timing. Let's wait a
little longer and then let's see you
know how uh it develops. So
fundamentally we are still positive but
the reason that we are not big
overweight in this name is the kind of
you know the issue. So but long-term yes
we that's a proxy of AI in China
>> you guys hold it. So yeah uh we didn't
get to talk about risks but there don't
seem to be any at least very apparent
[laughter] we can do it maybe early next
year.
uh Jui on there. Thank you so much. CIO
Mire Asset Global Investments. In fact,
coming up as well, we're going to be
having a conversation around Alibaba.
Shares are down. Cities joining us as
well and what their take is because
people seem to be latching on to either
side of the conversation here. A hingen
index extends 1% [music] to the upside.
The opening bell 6 minutes away. This is
the China show. Good morning.
[music]
Taking a look at some of the big movers
in pre-market this morning. We've
already discussed Alibaba. We had those
numbers coming out. Strong on the top
line with the cloud revenue, but
weakness in terms of that huge spending
on subsidies, quick commerce, delivery
wars as well. Neo under pressure because
you saw their ADRs dropping as well.
Third quarter sales miss miss as well
for Pony AI or its loss is widening.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Counting down to the opening
markets here. rally across the board. I
believe if our camera just caught that,
I was looking at our live shot. A
butterfly I think just crossed the uh
the lens there. Um if you didn't see it,
just just believe me. Uh it did happen.
I'm not seeing things. Uh we're looking
at gains. There's a Fed conversation 90%
probability. We have reporting on Kevin
Hasset. Uh there's an RBNZ decision that
they cut, but the [music] market is
reacting the opposite way. We'll figure
out why in a moment. Uh weak dollar
story, lower in yields, higher in
stocks, [music] earnings story. Alibaba
was in focus going into the open today.
>> I think you wrapped it up really nicely
there actually.
>> Thank you for joining us today. You're
watching
>> can tune now to know we do have the
market coming online this morning and I
think you said Alibaba is definitely
going to be the focus for the mainland
session but but the macro themes yes
it's very much this expectation that you
know we've been talking about
probability of up to 90% and and very
much a done deal at the start of the
week. Now you've got this reporting from
Bloomberg that that Kevin Hasset could
be front in line to to take the role
from JPAL come next year as the Fed
chair and that's certainly uh lighting a
bit of a fire under some risk assets
this morning. Still, you're seeing the
CSI 300 fairly steady in the early
moments of trade here. But that is the
picture there as we get the open. What
else? We're going to watch those. We
said Alibaba is the big focus. Let's
take a look at the Hong Kong dashboard.
We have that because Alibaba revenue in
the second quarter, it did beat
estimates. We saw strong figures in
terms of the cloud revenue which we sort
of expected because you're coming in off
nine straight quarters of that those
sorts of gains for that business
division in particular. Under the hood
though there were some concerns around
just the sheer amount of spending on the
quick commerce wars and the impact
that's having. So lots of focus on
mateto which is actually having a very
strong start to the session up 5% so far
but mate is due to report later this
week actually closing us on Friday.
Other stocks to watch. You're seeing
seeing BU there again a little bit under
pressure here. But that is the the Hong
Kong session. As we said, tech is going
to be one of the big themes to watch
today and you are just seeing a bit uh
underperforming the broader Hangen
index. Earnings as well to note because
there's been a slew of those yesterday
after the bell. We saw NEO for instance
uh to watch. They had a sales miss. Pony
AI, you're seeing that stock there
improving. It was an interesting one
because you saw that loss widening which
I think is a big contrast to we ride
early this week. These are two companies
that are very much in competition along
with BU's Apollo Go. But but we and Pony
AI in particular, they just had their
listings in Hong Kong recently. They're
both listed on the NASDAQ as well. But
again, this
>> on the same day, too.
>> Same day. It was pretty contentious
actually.
>> Yeah. [laughter] Not to get into the
personals, but
>> no, we Yeah, we leave that for another
moment. But anyway, Chiaoai Fuk, uh,
that's the consumer story and and again,
first half net income missing and
Vitasoy there as well. That's that's the
beverages company listed in Hong Kong.
Again, we had those earnings after the
bell yesterday, but that is sort of the
the big earnings picture for us, Dave.
>> Yeah. Okay, let's get some final
thoughts right now on markets going into
next year. Still with us here is Juhi an
Mira Asset, global investment CIO. So,
we've we've done well across the Asia
XJapan benchmark. So, a couple of
markets have done well. Korea has done
exceptionally well. Um, China, Japan. On
the other side of the spectrum is India
and parts of AEAN. Do you see a catalyst
that flips that order around or do I
lean into the winners? What are your
thoughts on next year?
>> So next year at least the gap between
the AI related countries and then less
AI associated countries like India and
Azen could be maybe kind of lower next
year especially India um in terms of the
earnings growth is going to be double
digit next year. uh so which which is um
which is much higher than uh this year
and also since it started to
underperform third quarter of last year
so it's been more than a uh the year so
the the the premium is also got kind of
narrower but at the same time uh but
investors like us you know we are
studying to assess how much of valuation
could be fair uh in the future though so
now we are reducing the underweight in
India but at the same time we are kind
of you know trying assess that kind of
you know what could be the fair
valuation premium that the India has
enjoyed for the last decade compared to
the other countries uh when we are just
going into the AI era which is very
different from the last decade.
>> It's interesting because we had Winnie
Woo yesterday from BFA securities and
she was saying India actually could be
the market to outperform if you really
see an unwinding of of AI valuations
particularly led by the US. She did also
make the point that that China is sort
of the market that will continue to do
well regardless. What's your expectation
for China going into next year?
>> Yeah, so I think China and Korea both
countries actually you know they
performed pretty well this year. But
from more fundamental perspective I
think the investors they could um admit
that oh now these two countries they
deserve some rerating further. So for
example look at China because as you
mentioned the China um you know um this
year it was driven by rerating already.
>> So it's it's slightly above 12 times
already but then that's it. No I think
we still can expect further rerating
from here plus some earnings growth
which is going to be at least 9 or 10%
in our house view but the bloom
bloomberg consensus is about like a
13.5%. Um so I the next year is going
next year's the China market is going to
be driven by both you know earnings
growth better growth and some rerating
um so uh and then just like we saw the
in the recent you know the trade talks
between the US and China and then um how
steady and consistent uh the Chinese
government has been uh when they
approached all the you know global and
then uh the matters. So I think uh in
terms of stability uh of the the
policies and also the can improving um
the earnings and plus some improving
liquidity environment as well because
the insurance companies and then some
conversion from say excessive savings to
you know the investment um and then now
that from the global and the regional
you know funds relocation more to to
China. So I think overall uh we are you
know the caut cautiously you know
positive you know on on on China uh and
the geopolitical issues it will be you
know become until the early next year um
because in April we heard that two
leaders are going to meet so at least
you know in the near term that issue is
also going to be uh much less yeah
>> Juhi thanks for joining us this morning
that was Ji an there CIO of Murray Asset
Global Investors and I think also that
that point that Ju was just making there
on on on on the the earnings yeah story
and and this expectation of earnings
growth going into next year and
underpinning their thesis around China.
Very good segue back into the Alibaba
theme as well because of course we're
watching that stock. Uh so far it is a
bit under pressure in the Hong Kong
session. I don't think that's any
surprise given the action you saw in
ADRs overnight. But let's just take a
look at what analysts are saying and
their actions on this because we have
seen some moves. Goldman Sachs for
instance, JP Morgan trimming their their
calls. But City has actually lifted
their price target uh well to Hong Kong
$223 a share up from $216. But let's get
more with its global markets Asia
managing director and head of Pan Asia
Internet Research Alysia Yap joining us
this morning and and thanks very much
for joining us here in studio. I think
we can get to the the price target in a
moment. But in terms of the earnings, I
think there was really two quite
different themes. There was the cloud
story and then of course there was the
the wars that we see in in quick
commerce in particular. Which story were
you gravitating toward more during that
earnings call? Um I think cloud will
still be the more focused um than the
quick commerce story I guess um given
you know the states of globally you know
everyone's focusing on AI on cloud and
then um there are 34% um you know cloud
revenue growth this quarter I would say
is actually exceeding uh at least our
numbers is 28% into the print I think
most of the sell side roughly between 28
to 30% and then some maybe like investor
maybe expecting like above 30 for sure,
but I would say 34 is probably at least
meeting some of the expectation.
>> And why are you not worried over the the
price wars, the negative free cash flow,
two straight quarters that takes us into
the sort of e-commerce space? Why does
why does the former story offset
>> the latter negatives?
>> Sure. Um I think for quick commerce I
mean obviously we know the cloud um or
the benefit or the positive side but
then on the quick commerce if you look
at um what they have determined to do
starting beginning of uh May and then
how they step up um the investment on
the food delivery and then quickly ramp
up right and then obviously Mayan
obviously started to feel the pressures
and all that and I think more important
is that they are reiterating a few times
that the loss ratio right the loss per
order uh already improving and has
improved in November compared to July
and August so that's why the September
quarter it is a bit of the one off with
the big dip and then the investment will
be peing for September quarter even
though it will still be lossmaking but
then this December quarter uh given it
is also a bigger uh e-commerce quarter
in terms of the epida right then uh the
loss is improving. So then the ITA will
actually have a V-shaped recovery.
>> Yeah. Juhi who was just joining us from
from Mir made the point that they
actually don't think that we've seen the
peak in terms of spending or that
subsidy spend but you're actually saying
we've we've passed that the worst of it
essentially that's your expectation.
>> Mhm. Yeah. So I think um which I think
management actually reiterate a few
times even last earnings call and then
this time yes last night earnings call
as well. So uh it's already seeing um
the UEI per orders is improving. I think
the only thing that no one's wanted to
give the guidance is on the orders
volume currently because for the
competitive reasons okay that will give
you the total of the loss amount but
then the loss per orders is been
improving by 50% that means the loss cut
by half okay then depending on the order
volume for the quart quarter the entire
quarter then the total loss amount could
be you know slightly difference but it
will still be I think September quarter
will still be the biggest in terms of
the amount of the loss.
>> Yeah.
>> It's it's probably useful that you cover
also the competitors. So you kind of
have a 30,000 foot view on do you look
at this as zero sum like how do you look
at the comp competitive dynamics here in
terms of being you know informing you
how Alibaba is past the worst but are
others going to feel then that
competitive pinch. JD.com also launched
their own thing. So how are you looking
at just the three here? Yeah, I would
say July and August for the entire
industry in terms of the level intensity
of the subsidy is the peak, right? We
are not saying that um subsidies are
completely go away. Okay, subsidy will
still be here and even I think Baba when
they mention um the UEE improvement is a
lot more from their own um operating
efficiency and then the density and also
they are having a higher mix of the
higher AOV. So the AOV actually grew at
a double digit right and then the
percentage of the non T the non beverage
is now over 75%. So it's the mix of the
operating uh metrics rather than the uh
the subsidy actually scale back. So
subsidy I think they are doing a lot of
optimization. So for example if you are
already like you know buying um
purchasing they will probably scale back
a little bit. depending on the user. So
they are doing the targeting and
optimize the subsidy but it's not
completely go away for sure.
>> Yeah, exactly. I think you you make the
point here that that the Alibaba is
making in the earnings call that the
average loss is going down. The the
order mix is improving because you're
getting more non-beverages coming into
it. They're also getting cheaper
logistics fees as they ramp up as well.
Does that tell you that Alibaba is
actually doing better in this quick
commerce war and you think that they're
they're better positioned to to
withstand the competition from Mtoan and
JD? What do you think that this tells us
about Maitto's numbers later this week?
Because I mean the stock's up 5% today.
Yeah, I guess um I would say in terms of
um the determinations from the
management team, I think when they set
up that they wanted to step up for the
investment, I think they're very
determined from top to down. Okay. And
then the executions uh given that they
do have a lot of cash, right? Uh and
then they generate you know decent cash
flow especially for their core TA um you
know TMA uh TML group which is you know
tons of um you know operating leverage
over there so that they can actually
using some of the cash flow to reinvest.
Okay. The purpose is that to maintain
the share right for the overall commerce
and also um they believe over time right
this quick commerce the instant delivery
sooner or later right even without let's
say it's not mtoan or somebody else will
be coming in and then for their core
commerce they have to have the
complimentary um you know support with
that quick commerce instant delivery
anyway because consumer actually aiming
for that um delivery service.
>> Yeah, Tommy. Yeah. Concentric circles.
It It's getting me confused really on
how they're um bulletproofing the the
business across many fronts for the
future. Talk talk to me about this then
when you come up with your price target
for Alibaba. Talk to us a little bit
more about how you guys came up with the
latest one.
>> Um obviously the stocks rerated this
year. What causes a further rerating? Do
you see that next year? And is this an
e-commerce stock or is it an AI stock?
How do I look at how I value what
multiple do I attach to a company like
Alibaba?
>> Sure. Um we're actually using the sum of
the part. So we haven't changed the
multiple for the e-commerce part. We are
still using the 12 times. So previously
and current um level also using the same
12 times. The the the tweak is we
actually raise our cloud multiple.
Previously we have 5.5 times price to
sales and now we have 6.5 times. And
then in reverse we actually tweaked down
our international business given it is
slowing actually faster I mean slowing
more than what what we expected on the
AIDC. So we actually now using um the
two times multiple versus I think
previously we have like over three times
on the international side. So offsetting
that um and then the cash position I
think there's also some of that lift as
well. I think we are using what they
claim out because if you're just using
the short-term and the cash position
then minus all the um you know
outstanding uh borrowing uh it is not
good giving that amount because I think
they mentioned they have 41 uh 41
billion US net cash so we are using the
way that they calculate I think they are
some of the investment security they're
considered as very liquid so they
considered as the cash so there are also
some of the components on the cash level
that we also using whatever their their
41 billion as the net cash then we apply
the 30% discount on it. So the the
increase on the price target I think
partly um commerce side we used to model
a more conservative
um you know outlook on the epida if you
look at uh what they deliver even though
I think on the headlines they might have
missed some of the overall consensus but
they actually beat our number on the
IBIDA for both the e-commerce ibida and
the group ibida so we actually raised a
little bit our uh earnings uh revisions
Uh so that's why the e-commerce is also
slightly higher and then the higher
cloud multiple that's give us the higher
target price.
>> Fantastic. Well, thank you for taking us
into your model. [laughter]
Appreciate that. It's it's quite rare we
get a really glimpse under the hood.
Alicia Yap there. Fantastic. Thank you
so much. Managing director, head of Pan
Asia Internet Research Group at at
Cityroup uh Global Markets Asia. Right.
We will leave you with a look at these
markets. We're doing okay across greater
China. We're doing better when you look
at some of the benchmarks, tech lit
benchmarks out there. Yeah. So, suffice
to say we've got more ahead. This is the
China show.
[music]
Taking a look at some of the big movers
15 minutes into the session today. This
is autos focused. You can see, but
you've [music] got the likes of Pony AI
moving to the upside. NEO is under
pressure, but all of these companies
just reported their figures. Let's get
more on this now with our Bloomberg
transport reporter Danny Lee joining us.
So, look, we can start with NEO because
obviously it's the one that's unloved on
that screen, but but why is that
exactly? So NEO it um missed on its uh
third quarter sales uh you know and then
on its fourth quarter that also kind of
was wide of what analysts were expecting
but critically it was able to continue
to reduce its losses as it moves towards
that pathway to that elusive profitable
figure. That trend line still looks good
though for 2026 perhaps uh in one of the
quarters but no it's still a challenge.
Uh what we were able to hear from
management is that they were able to
increase that that final quarter sales
forecast to at least up to 125,000
units. Still shy of what the street was
looking for, 135,000. And it's critical
because the final quarter of year is
meant to be one of the busiest for uh
Chinese automakers as their drivers or
consumers rush to the forcourts and and
dealerships because of the incentives
that tend to expire. Uh so yeah, there's
a still a lot that uh the street is
disappointed with and that pressure on
the stock in New York. The the shares
have been down now 25% in the past 3
weeks. So there's still a lot of
pressure for the business there.
>> You know, this market's making my head
spin today. So Alibaba was decent.
Shares are down. RBNZ cut, Kiwis's up.
Pony AI widening loss, shares are up 5%.
Can you help explain Pony AI to me?
Yeah, investors are looking at some of
the management commentary around uh one
of its mature cities it's operating in
Guanghou. Uh it is able to break even on
a per vehicle basis and that is
significant as you know even though
despite the widening losses it may have
a recipe for being able to find that
pathway to profitability. It's going to
be key though with its roll out of its
uh next gen 7 vehicle with the electric
vehicle which has lower costs more fuel
savings that it can lock in. So as it
rolls out and broadens its reach into
more markets, it should help lock in
more savings uh as it you know tries to
turn those losses into into profits at
the end of the day. And it's expanding
uh going from a thousand units in its
fleet uh by the end of this year. It
should exceed that target and should get
towards around 3,000 by the end of next
year. So there is momentum it sees in
its business. I think the question is
can it really execute on on cutting down
on those losses? M
>> Danny very interesting and and we don't
have time sorry to discuss Lee Auto but
I should just fact check myself it's
actually reporting later today and
what's interesting is analysts are
looking at bad results and we've
actually seen bearish bets on that stock
uh surging to a record so we'll get the
breakdown of those numbers later but
that was our transport reporter Danny
Lee there and in some corporate news
this morning Dell Technologies has
jumped in late trade that's after
raising its annual projections for the
key AI server [music] market the company
says AI momentum increased in the second
half of the year, leading to record
server orders. Dell also increased its
shipment projections for the year to $25
billion. That's up from 20 billion.
HP shares tumbled on extended trade.
That's after its annual profit outlook
fell short of estimates. The company
also says it will cut up [music] to
6,000 jobs through 2028 by using more AI
tools. The cuts will result in about
$650 million in restructuring [music]
changes.
The Chilean copper producer Cadelo is
said to be p pushing for a hike in the
annual premium for some of its [music]
Chinese customers. Sources say the firm
offered to supply some buyers at a
premium of $350 a ton over LME prices
for 2026 annual contracts. That would
represent a huge jump from the $89
[music] agreed for this year. Cadelo's
offers typically set the benchmark for
the copper industry.
We'll leave you with this look here of
of how Asian markets are fairing this
morning. We are seeing big moves really
across the board. You've got those tech
heavy gauges, the Nickeosby and Taiwan
outperforming what we can see there for
the ASX 200. Still 7/10 of a percent in
the green. The Hang Sen as well
extending some gains for the week. But
this is Bloomberg.
Right. Uh welcome back. You're watching
the China show. Uh some movers are
coming up on your screens. These [music]
are some names related to the PC names.
We had a conversation around Lenovo this
week. HP of course was out a few hours
back uh around the numbers also some job
cuts coming through some suppliers
relatively unscathed uh in fact for the
better across the region here uh let's
have a look at some top and bottom here
as far as hangen tech hangs index is
concerned specifically so you have mtoan
actually going the opposite way of what
you would expect although if you are
leaning towards sort of the negative
print on the e-commerce side and
competition on the baba story the mtoan
move does make sense let's put it that
way folk out with earnings 5.7%. That
stock by the way has done exceptionally
well along with the gold trade. Probably
why that's doing that. And just looking
at benchmarks about 25 minutes into the
cash market session against the backdrop
of a very strong rally across the Asia
Pacific decent day on Hangen index.
We're [music] flat across mainland
benchmarks 310 to 1% on CSI 300. A very
strong doesn't show it but at 708 a very
strong Chinese currency this week.
Welcome back to the China show. Taking a
look at the Hangen half an hour into the
session this morning. We are continuing
to move higher today. The the key theme
I think we're tracking at a macro level
is definitely this expectation. Maybe
Kevin Hasset is tipped to become the
next Fed chair. So that sets the stage
for further easing. You've also had some
US economic data that certainly
corroborates that that need for for a
reduction in rates as well. So that is
playing into the dollar story that's
also playing into appetite for risk
assets across the board. But if there is
a stock in particular we're tracking
today that is Alibaba. We actually just
saw it uh heading very fracturally into
positive territory. It's flipped back
into negative. But maybe there's sort of
a rethinking around what were the bright
spots and what were the negatives in
terms of the figures because you had the
bright spot of course in the cloud
revenue side concerns around the
spending in the quick commerce wars but
you've got the likes of city and and and
management was stressing this as well
during the earnings call that you've
seen the peak in terms of spending on
subsidies.
>> Yeah. they're leaning towards so they I
mean they bumped up the price target
right for one and they they've sort of
rejigged their assumptions around uh
their businesses there at 157 and I
think the other thing we'll will play
out for you later on as well is we had
someone from the buy side earlier in the
show and that they do hold Alibaba it's
a market weight they aren't yet
overweight because they've yet to see at
least in their opinion signs that uh the
point Bill was just making is a point
that everyone can take but we can get to
that later uh the other big story on the
macro fraud odds is one where you are
getting lower rates yet the RBN zed you'
likely if you believe futures or swaps
likely out of the Fed and that's really
lifting uh equity markets today uh it's
also a softer dollar story flip the page
please if we can Kiwi dollar is stronger
it's stronger against everything in fact
there uh might be something to do with
some of maybe the more less dovish parts
of the statement the briefing is
starting this hour we'll get more on
that in a moment a very nasty inflation
print coming out of Australia. It
doesn't show as far as the number is
concerned now. Maybe that's down because
of the Kiwi strength, but it was quite a
nasty uh inflation print there. Yeah,
weaker dollar story, stronger currency
as far as China goes. Uh in fact, just
on that note, options market um I
believe has never been negative on
dollar offshore. It did turn negative
this weird risk reversals. One year to
be more specific, which means the the
put call skew spread. It's just more
expensive to hedge to the downside on
dollar China and that's push this into
the negative territory for the first
time since 2011. So options traders turn
bolds yuan bolts to be more specific
there. There we go. Okay. Uh let's get
more on the FX story today and bring in
our EM macro strategist Marcus Wong out
of Singapore to talk us through. Marcus,
good morning. Thanks for coming on the
show on the time. What has driven the
currency, the Chinese currency to the
strongest uh in a year here?
>> Well, yeah, as you pointed out, you
know, part of it is the dollar story
that has driven um you know, the moves
this week on US retail sales last night,
obviously under shock expectations, and
we've seen the wishb rise for the um Fed
as a result. But it's not just that, you
know, like for the Trump and Z meeting
that we saw on Monday, this continues to
build optimism over China and the UN.
But the pulling back pulling back all of
this is is a more um you know robust
fundamental story for the UN. For
example, we look at trade numbers you
know exports have been one of the bright
spots in the economy. You know domestic
consumption has been starting deter so
so has the investment but exports has
have been a powerful house and this has
really you know supported uh the UN in a
sense know other factors that you know
analyst have mentioned have also been
the significant undervaluation in the
Chinese UN know for quite a long period.
uh we could say that you know the UN was
weaker than you know what market metrics
would have suggested you know PBOC
partially kept it that way uh but you
know you know now this valve is you know
has has room to to to let be left off
and you know some you know investors and
analysts see you know you know in a
sense a you know um room for the UN to
uh rebound as a result um you know look
at government for example government
sees the the the dollar falling to seven
um by the end of the year as a result
but you know pulling All this you know
has been the question of Kevin Hasset um
and how this will impact the dollar
going forward and the policy policy
credibility of the dollar. I think this
discussion has been you know taken out
of the window for quite some time but
with his nomination you know possibly up
in in you know up again and if this
continues to you know we on the dollar
we could actually see the you know UN
actually grow stronger from here in
2026.
And so then what does that direction for
the Chinese currency mean for its
counterparts in in Asia in general?
>> Well, you know, the UN is seen as a a
regional anchor for currencies in this
region partially due to of course the
trade linkages but also to the fact that
you know that that you know the UN has a
develop rather significant rating in you
know ratings in some currencies such as
the Singapore dollar. Um so let's take
the ring for example you know it's it's
actually the top performer in uh Asia
this year and there some see this heroin
actually continuing next year actually
due to the fact that you know the ringit
has rather high beta to the Chinese yen
due to trade linkages for example um
other currency that often mentioned
include you know the dollar as well as
the Korean war granted the Korean war
has you know is a lagard in Asia
emerging Asia this quarter so far um and
you know it's partially due to the fact
that you know onshore vessels have have
been has have been have seen strong
demand you know for global equities US
equities as a result but you look at you
peel back at the you know numbers in
Korea they be quite robust so what I'm
saying is you know there some analysts
expect you know this net foreign
outflows from Korea to slow next year
and of course if you know this robust
numbers continue to hold up in Korea we
could just see um you know we want
rebound as a result and all this will be
tied to how China will be performing and
the UN will performing in 2026
Marcus, thanks for joining us this
morning. That was our Bloomberg emerging
markets macro strategist Marcus Wong
there in Singapore. And let's head back
to to Alibaba now because we are seeing
those shares again just trending
downwards. That's after its quarterly
earnings showed its food delivery
business weighing on margins. We had a
couple of great guests on this in the
last hour. So let's just hear some
highlights of what they had to say.
It's not expensive but we do not think
that it's a very good entry point to um
uh jump in yet
>> because yes so we are holding it but
just a equal weight
>> at this moment. Um the reason for that
is AI and the cloud business is doing
very well and um even ahead of the the
estimates but at the same time we see
that how strong their spending is on the
local services and the consumption
businesses.
I think cloud will still be the more
focused um than the quick commerce story
I guess um given you know the states of
globally you know everyone's focusing on
AI on cloud and then um there are 34% um
you know cloud revenue growth this
quarter I would say is actually
exceeding uh at least our numbers is 28%
into the print I think most of the sales
side roughly between 28 to 30% and then
some Maybe like investor maybe expecting
like above 30 for sure but I would say
34 is probably at least meeting some of
the expectation.
>> Minman Low our chronic correspondent is
here with us for the numbers the key
takeaways from the earnings call. Mman
>> yeah I think if you listen to the
analysts it's been pretty mixed so far.
You have the likes of city raising the
price target. You have the likes of JP
Morgan um and other companies lowering
the price target. And it's really you
know these two narratives around whether
the cloud business is more important or
the e-commerce business. So you know the
cloud business looking at 34% gain on
revenue. Uh and that is far exceeding
expectation. The e-commerce business if
you look at the top line is also doing
pretty well. 16% increase but at the
expense of a lot of spending on
marketing and the discounts. hundreds of
billions of unions uh poured into
merchants uh subsidies, consumer
subsidies to fight off that competition
with JD.com and Mtoan. So that's where
we are seeing if you look at the IITA
for the e-commerce segment slipping by
76% on year and especially the quick
commerce this is the instant delivery
segment which is a new business segment
that that is where we are still seeing
losses per order. Granted it's reduced
by half the losses there but still some
analysts are still still saying that the
losses there is horrifying. So um so
these are the two stories. Bear in mind
e-commerce is by far the largest segment
of the company's revenue right it's 50%
or so of the business whereas cloud is
just 15% of the business but this is
where we are seeing really the bright
spot and where it's growing very very
fast right now.
>> How does this also put the pressure on
mtoan going into its earnings uh on
Friday? Yeah, we'll definitely be
watching that very closely because a lot
of Mtoan's reaction to this price war
would impact Alibaba as well because
Alibaba's executives mentioned that
their investment into that quick
delivery platform is peaking in this
current quarter that just ended. Um, so
they will be focusing next on efficiency
on user experience. It seems like
they're quite satisfied with the scale
of the new user engagement so far. If
mtoan is also you know coming to an end
of that price war then we would we could
see a lift overall to the entire sector
but again a lot depends on mtoan. We are
expecting them to report losses uh in on
Friday as well. So be watching for that.
But the question is what is the new
normal? Because Bloomberg intelligence
Katherine Lim she did say that we will
most likely never go back to the norm of
you know double digit 20 25% sort of
margins because you have a three-way
fight now. JD is permanently in the food
delivery space. So she's talking about
the new normal at least about a third
below what it used to be. We're now at
singledigit level by the way. It used to
be 20%. We're now about 3.7% in terms of
margin.
>> What a bummer. Katherine Lim. [laughter]
the a AI bubble. The CEO talked about
that.
>> Yes. He disputed or or dismissed any
concerns of an AI bubble over the next
three years and he is very bullish about
demand. He's saying that the rate of
customer orders uh for its cloud
services is far outpacing the rate at
which they could add uh service uh
server uh infrastructure. So they are
seeing a crunch on the supply chain.
Chips are running at full capacity. He's
saying there is not going to be an AI
bubble over the next three years. In
fact, while they have already pledged
380 billion UN in investment over the
next 3 years, he says they remain very
aggressive on that spending. They still
don't rule out further addition to that
investment. And it's far above what any
other Chinese companies have spent. If
you look at Tencent, what they committed
to in terms of capex spending is in the
low teens. Compare that to the 380
billion UN that that uh Alibaba is
committing to. So a very very huge
difference in scale also their ambitions
is very different right because Alibaba
wants to be a a service provider for the
full stack of AI services from the
infrastructure to the chips to the
applications and the AI model and with
the Quinn model that they they just
launched they want to turn that into an
AI agent so that in the future you'll be
able to use Quinn to book your travel
tickets to order shopping on Tao and to
you know have have your mapping services
there, your education services there. It
will be an all-encompassing app.
>> Yeah. All about agentic AI. We thought
it'd be the big theme for 2025, but
maybe 2026 starts to become a bit more
of a reality. But that was our China
correspondent, Min Low there.
>> And uh coming up, we're going to shift
tack actually to the eco outlook for the
region. Right now, we do have that RBNZ
press conference underway. We're seeing
quite a sharp reaction in the Kiwi
dollar this morning, but also just
really trying to understand, yes, we got
that easing this morning. [music] We
just actually had our own reporter
Matthew Brockett asking very bluntly, is
the easing cycle over? We couldn't
actually get a straight answer from the
governor there. So, that is the big
question for for [music] economists.
We're going to be joined next by Morgan
Stanley talking about their outlook for
2026 and why they think [music] Asian
central banks are nearing the end of the
rate cutting cycle. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Taking you back to to New Zealand now
where we do have the RBNZ press underway
this morning. So, uh, this is the RBNZ
governor, Christian Hawksby who's
speaking here. He is in Oakland for this
meeting. We should note that, not
Wellington, but he's in Oakland today to
talk about why they essentially eased by
25 basis points. That was the
expectation uh very much by economists
and they are saying that you know that
basically they can look to stay on hold
uh into next year as well. So, yes, sort
of leaving the door open to easing, but
certainly probably keen to to sort of
end it here. But a new governor will be
in the position as well next year.
>> Yeah. I'm just getting a note here from
my producers that he
>> No, he is in he is in Oakland for
>> Is he in Aland? Yeah.
>> Okay. Well,
>> yeah. The the reason that he's in
Oakuckland
>> he's in Oakland actually instead of the
usual Wellington headquarters because of
asbestos. Actually earlier this month
the central bank temporarily shut its
Wellington building after what it
described as an isolated asbestos
disturbance. The issue apparently has
been fixed but the decision was made to
stick with Oakland for this meeting. So
yes, that is accurate. Oakland today,
>> the type of stuff, you know, but yes.
Okay.
>> Well, it's it's I just going to say this
is I it resonates with me as an
Australian because this is exactly the
same thing that would happen in
Australia. Fears around asbestos and
let's just clear out even if we know
it's safe, we're still going to stick
with the plan to steer clear. [laughter]
>> Fair dingum.
>> That is fair dinkingham.
>> Okay. All right.
>> Our subscribers can turn to your
terminal for more on what's happening in
Wellington. Okay. uh TLI we go is a
function you run commentary analysis
there from our expert editors that takes
us into the Fed conversation
uh you had really bad data overnight I
think retail sales consumer confidence
uh we're now 80 let's call 89%
probability of a cut fed fund futures or
swaps uh our sourcing as well talks
about Mr. asset as the Fed front runner
and if you're in the betting markets
you're looking at a let's call it 54%
probability that uh that's the next Fed
share. Now all that is to say we are
looking likely at lower rates going into
December if not December likely still
going into next year right let's talk
about what that means for broader
markets here in the Asia Pacific and
joining us here on set chat Morgan
Stanley here with us to help us
understand really everything that's
taking place just one question on on the
Fed does that affect in any way how you
look at Asian central banks whether or
not they will move further or quicker.
No, I think if the Fed stays on the path
of cutting interest rates, that does
help Asian central banks because um we
do think that bulk of the rate cuts that
we needed in Asia have been already
implemented
>> but there are a few central banks which
will do one or two more rate cuts and
the fed rate cuts will definitely help
Asia
>> and and just on you're saying cuts so
that implies multiples what's your
expectation uh going into end of this
year but early next year as well the
stage just set it seems for further
easing
>> for Asia
>> for for US just to then lead
>> for the US. Yeah, for the US we have our
US team has taken out the December cut
uh of course things are changing uh and
so we will see eventually what happens
but more importantly we are still
looking for three more rate cuts from
the Fed uh in 2026.
>> Yeah. Okay. the we're wrapping up the
year and you know most if not all
economies are doing better um than most
people had expected at the start of the
year. Is there a lot of momentum going
into next year uh in terms of the growth
outlook for the region?
>> For the growth outlook for the region I
think so far actually we've seen a
proper deceleration in growth uh because
uh what we've seen in Asia in 2025 is
some kind of a K-shaped recovery. Okay,
there thanks that's the
>> trade does matter for the region and uh
trade has been good only in tech. If you
look at non- tech exports for the region
in all for the whole region but even for
China and almost every economy growth
has been just like 1% cumulatively let's
call it it's been flat 0% kind of growth
rates for non- tech segment and tech uh
it's great for markets and I appreciate
that but from an economic standpoint uh
tech sector doesn't create many jobs
>> so you don't have a big multiplier
effect and so the non- tech sector being
in a bad shape has affected the labor
markets, wage growth, retail sales and
the overall numbers are that of showing
a deceleration over the last four
quarters.
>> But we think this is all about to change
um as the Fed rate cuts uh come through
and with the lag effect that helps the
US domestic demand to improve. uh we are
expecting that Asia's uh non- tech
exports will improve from early next
year and also the trade tensions which
had been the key reason why it was uh a
bad situation for non-tech exports is
now finally we can say that it it's
behind us uh a bulk of the trade tension
is behind us so both those factors US
domestic demand improvement as well as
the trade tensions being behind us
should help that nonex non- tech exports
recovery for the region next
So we don't need to be concerned then
about the weaker or softer sales. For
instance, we saw consumer sales in the
US overnight. Your your confidence still
in the health of the US economy to drive
that broadening out from tech in Asia
and and if it doesn't happen, what's the
capacity then of of Asia economies into
inter region trade to pick up the slack
at all?
>> Yeah. So I think it's uh part of it is
the the US story, but part of it is also
the fact that you know the trade
tensions itself. So the US did pretty
well in 2025 but I as I just described
the non- tech exports growth was not
great. So I think to the extent to which
the trade uncertainty has reduced
>> and tariff rates have actually also gone
down uh that is another critical factor
and that stays um and as far as the US
is concerned we're expecting uh this
quarter and the first quarter still to
be weak and we're expecting that
recovery from second quarter of next
year. So these retail sales um are
probably anyways just one month and it's
a payback from that strong auto sales
that we had seen in the previous month.
>> Uh but going forward we we do see that
these rate cuts will be sort of lending
some support to the domestic demand in
the US.
>> If if growth does pick up and broaden
out to your view what do I how do I look
at inflation next year? Does that does
that pick up as well? So Asia has had a
different problem of uh on the inflation
front it's been lowflation problem that
has been uh hitting everybody in the
region and so what we are seeing is that
disinflationary pressures will also
reduce with that recovery in external
demand uh which will be broad-based um
and therefore um there will be real GDP
growth acceleration but normal GDP
growth will accelerate even more because
of reduced disinflationary pressures.
>> What about China in particular? What are
you expecting for the economy there?
You've spoken about these easing trade
tensions and that's a benefit for the
exporters, but but other issues like the
property sector, consumer demand, you
know, that's obviously been on the
weaker side.
>> Yeah. So for China, I think our main
focus is on what happens to deflationary
outcomes or deflationary situation. Um
because if you have economy in deflation
your broader corporate profits uh will
be affected and you can see that pretty
much in the industrial profits to GDP
ratio in China which has been declining.
Um so we are focused on deflation and
the outlook on that will be slightly
better than what we've seen in 2025
because this non- tech exports recovery
will also help China's exports to be
better. uh and we are expecting them to
take up uh two other policy actions. One
is on the anti-involution policy. There
will be more additional steps being
taken. At the same time, we're expecting
them to take up some measures to boost
consumption. So, in combination uh
better exports, um some support via cut
back of excess capacities and then
boosting consumption will help reduce
this deflationary pressure that we are
seeing in China as well. But it will
still not be completely out of deflation
in 2026. That we think will probably
have to wait till 2027.
>> Uh your your your thoughts on Japan
which seems to be in a different let's
call it inflation cycle to the rest of
the region. What does that how does that
what does it how does that story evolve
in 2026? So uh we think that uh
inflation headline inflation in Japan
will reduce uh because it is largely
driven by currency depreciation and
supply side factors and our global macro
strategy team is expecting that yen will
appreciate uh in 2026 uh down to 40 147
by end of uh next year.
>> That's right. and and the food inflation
aspect the supply side factors which
were driving inflation will also kind of
calm down. So we are expecting that the
headline inflation in Japan will go
below 2%.
uh but the the focus from a markets
perspective is on the underlying
inflation and what is the broad
narrative that we have in terms of the
reflation that has been ongoing in Japan
and on that front we do see that
transition continuing either from this
supply side factors driving inflation to
demand side inflation um it is still
work in progress but we expect more
progress on that front in 2026 uh which
will be quite constructive for the
markets because That means that normal
GDP growth is going to be uh driven more
by the demand side inflation pressures
rather than supply side inflation
pressures.
>> Right Chad and thanks very much for
joining us. That was Ched and I there
chief Asia economist at Morgan Stanley
with their report 2026 Asia economics
outlook from tech to non- tech the
recovery is broadening that broadening
rather but that's their view. So we'll
leave you with a look rather we'll leave
you with a look of how Chinese markets
are doing currently. We are seeing those
those gains [music] still extending to
the upside. Of course, Alibaba has been
the stock to watch and it has been sort
of fluctuating but ma mainly in [music]
the red so far this morning. This is
Bloomberg
right just to mention uh bonds of China
Vanc are dropping in fact dropped enough
to be suspended. [music] They resume
trade at 41 past the hour. More on that
in a moment. This is the China show.
All righty. 11:29 there. I've got to
start that again. It's 11:29 a.m. in
Tokyo and traders are just about to go
into their lunch break and we are seeing
some pretty strong gains here across the
board. It's the story around the Fed and
this expectation Kevin Hasset could
become the next Fed chair. I think the
stage you've been saying the stage is
set anyway for Fed easing at the end of
this year into next year regardless of
who's in that top position. Tech story
as well that continues to to play out
and and there are well there's one name
watching in particular and this is
SoftBank in the session today because
yesterday soft bank was very much under
pressure slumping around 10%. SoftBank
is sort of like a proxy I guess for some
for for open AI because it's its biggest
direct investment biggest privately held
company as well in the vision fund
portfolio. Today you're actually seeing
a pretty strong recovery. But some in
interesting reporting this morning from
the information and they're saying that
by the end of this decade they see 220
million people paying for chat GPT. Now
that's of course there's the plus
there's the pro subscriptions. They cost
between 200 or $20 rather and $200 a
month. So quite a big range there. But
you're looking at 800 users 800 million
users rather right now. So you're
looking at roughly a quarter of those
looking to actually pay for that service
again within a few years. Okay, that's
going to come quicker than than you
think. It's 2026 already in uh in a
couple of weeks. The reather across the
Asia Pacific, Soft Bank's doing better.
It didn't do well, of course, yesterday
uh which was the time I think B were
just musing on uh where the name Soft
Bank came from.
>> That is true,
>> right? It was this time yesterday. Uh
1.4% Asia-Pacific
uh S&P futures are also catching a
balance. The dollar is continuing to
weaken. So, obviously we had the data,
we had the reporting around Mr. assets.
Uh and then you had just a series of
events in the Asia-Pacific. One was the
hot inflation print in Oz. The second
was the uh the one we just talked about
right now. RBNZ, this hawkish cut then
leading to a further weakness in in the
US dollar. Uh that that being said,
everything is doing well. Uh when you do
get of course uh dollar softness coming
through. Uh just to also mention here
some uh news coming through that in
about an hour from now uh Taiwan will be
holding a security meeting that well
Taiwanese president will be holding a
security briefing at 11:30 uh uh today.
There we go. U high level national
security meeting Wednesday morning.
Okay. Uh that is just pivoting us to
uh a separate security story. President
Trump says his envoy Steve Whit will
meet Russia's Vladimir Putin next week.
that's going to take place in Moscow in
a push for a ceasefire agreement with
Ukraine. Balas Pence, our senior editor,
is here with us on set to get us up to
speed on the LES and I think we were
just having this conversation very
recently. This thing seems to be moving
fairly fairly quickly.
>> It is moving quickly. There's definitely
some momentum and the fact that uh the
president is sending out his envoys to
talk to both sides and the Europeans
does suggest that there is some movement
and the president did sound more
optimistic today. He said there are only
a few points that remain, but those few
points that remain to be resolved seem
to be very very substantial. And the
fact that he now says he only wants to
meet with Presidents Putin and Zalinski
once everything is handled does suggest
that uh that may be a little ways off
and and that kind of reminds us of of
some of the sort of stops and starts uh
previously in these negotiations. If you
remember, there was already a meeting
scheduled for Budapest. It has which has
to be cancelled when it became clear
that the two sides were not ready to
come to a full agreement yet. So very
very important issues remain and and it
does seem like the fundamental issue
here which is what's acceptable for
Russia is not acceptable for Ukraine and
vice versa. That seems to be really
really difficult to bridge. And
yesterday we were talking about how how
European leaders were really blindsided
by the fact that the US and Russia seem
to have been having these talks
ostensibly in in private and and really
caught them unawares. But the fact that
we've got Wikov now going to Russia
again. How does that sort of complicate
the ability of of the US to also sell
this plan to to Ukraine and to its
European allies?
>> It is a difficult balancing act, right?
they have to engage with Russia and they
have to keep the Europeans and Ukraine
on side and that's exactly what has
proven very very difficult so far. Our
reporting uh today shows that Steven
Whitov actually coached uh the Russian
side on how to pitch their ideas to
Trump and that's what uh the Europeans
have felt when the 28-point plan came
out that a lot of that a lot of what
that plan contained came from the
Russian side and some of the some of the
sentences some of the statements from
President Trump sounded like something
some things that the Kremlin really
really wanted to hear. So Witkov going
back to talk to Putin again and uh and
Zilinski not being able to talk to Trump
around this time does suggest that the
Europeans have some concern about which
way this is tilting right now.
>> All right, Balage, thanks very much for
joining us this morning. That was Blah
Pens there, our Bloomberg senior news
desk editor. And coming up, uh, we're
going to be shifting tac back into the
tech space, but Huawei's new flagship
phones are due to be released. But
seeking to challenge the dominance of
Apple and Samsung, we're going to speak
with IDC [music] for some analysis next.
This is Bloomberg.
Turning to some tech news this morning,
and Apple looks set to retake its crown
as the world's largest smartphone maker
for the first time in more than a
decade. Counterpoint Research says the
[music] outlook's been lifted by the
successful debut of a new iPhone series
and a rush of consumers upgrading
devices. Its figures show that growth
will propel Apple this year past its
major rival, Samsung.
Sashin is reporting that Huawei's
reduced the price of its latest flagship
smartphone [music] series. It says the
premium Mate 80 series starts at $661.
That's about $113 [music]
cheaper than its predecessor even as
memory component prices surged over the
past year.
>> Okay. Well, those [music] are the early
indications when you look at pricing
strategy. Let's map this out for you as
we go into that flagship launch. Joining
us now is Nabila Popal, senior research
director at IDC. Nabila, thank you so
much for joining us. Good morning from
the Asia Pacific. early indications are
are what
>> uh on Huawei's I mean launch I think the
the what we what we're seeing first and
foremost is their pricing strategy right
the fact that they went lower um than
last year's model on their mate 80
especially the base model across the
across the series right but most
interesting to me was how much lower
they are not from just their predecessor
but how much lower they're going to come
in from the their you the what they're
competing with, right? The Apple's um
base model which is doing phenomenal in
China. And I think that's going to make
uh a really strong value proposition for
them uh not just competing against um
all of their Chinese competitors, right,
who are trying to compete at the premium
side, uh but especially with Apple who
was doing really well since the launch
of the 17.
>> So, I think that that's what's really
going to do well for them.
How much do you think that that the
pricing strategy is just a reflection of
the constraints that Huawei faces? I
mean, they haven't really had a major
breakthrough since the the Huawei Mate
series that was released back in 2023
when they had the powerful in-house
design Kira 9000 S5G chip. We haven't
seen anything of the same magnitude
since. So, so what does that tell us
then?
I mean it tells us it to me it signals
it's really interesting because they're
doing this amid and despite right facing
pressure from rising component costs
right we've seen their competitors in
fact launch um increase in in prices
right so the fact that they're doing
this is going to increase pressure on
competition um and it shows that they're
approaching a a very aggressive move to
gain volume share back um and and that's
going to u you know essentially them
saying that seeing Apple gain so much
share especially in our monthly data we
saw Apple be number one in both um
October and November data um and it's
showing very in in our forecast for Q4
we're going to see about double digit
almost 20 16 to 17% growth in Apple so
this is Huawei coming back saying on
their home turf that they want to gain
some of some of that volume share back
so I know that you know you're saying
that we haven't seen like really a big
or strong announcement from Huawei. So,
but we've seen consistent very strong
growth from them. It might not be the
high double digits, but it's been um you
know, if you look over the last two
years, uh we see from all the the top 10
brands, they've had the the highest
volume growth, about 40% in volume
growth. So, I would say it's still been
pretty strong compared to the rest of
the the players.
and and Abilo, what are your initial
uh projections on if they are able to
make inroads on on on market share in
volumes? What does that look like for
you in excuse me, in the premium segment
uh in the domestic market specifically?
>> So, you know, in premium and and I'm
glad you brought that up because in
premium is really where they are, you
know, have been competing neck, right?
Especially with Apple. So, um I think
when they had gone down so so to speak
or before their comeback, their share
had got dropped. So in premium let's say
if we define that as above 800 um in uh
the beginning of 2023 their share in
premium had dropped to 11% with Apple at
80%. And to show illustrate their
comeback in that segment at the end of
um last quarter 2025 Q3 they gained to
34% share. So from 11% of premium they
gained up to 34% with Apple dropping to
55. So they're really closing in that
gap and this is where I think this
launch is really going to help propel
them to gain back that share and start
you know closing that gap. So they are
really growing really aggre you know
very aggressive um especially in in
premium where they you know brand and
loyal consumer base um is is their you
know their greatest strength right in
China being their home home market is
where um they will rely on that install
base. There are a lot of still a
significant number of uh mate u you know
users who have three four year old
phones who are going to hopefully
upgrade and that's what they're going to
rely on.
It is interesting though because as we
just said earlier it's still coming at
the time when when Apple's latest iPhone
series is selling well. They're managing
to recoup some of that loss ground in
China. You're still seeing a very
aggressive price war in that premium
segment between the likes of Xiaomi,
Huawei, Vivo, OPA, Oppo rather, Honor. I
mean, how does Huawei look to
differentiate itself from the
competition?
>> So, they've been investing a lot of
course. I think is this is where the
ecosystem lockin comes, right? They this
is the first year where they've migrated
their um mate series as well as um you
know, the entire lineup to their um the
uh Harmony OS um ecosystem. So they're
going to try to bring in users. I know
there have been some challenges and of
course the in terms of the processing
power not being up to par as as you know
arguably um as the latest um Snapdragon
chipset but still I think it is really
they're trying to bring in the consumers
in that um Harmony um ecosystem and I
think that's where they're trying to
with their ongoing investments and um
development that they're doing they're
really going to try to lock users in and
kind of rebuild some of the sim you
know, in in likelihood to what like
Apple has, right? So, I think that's
what they're going to try to leverage
moving forward.
>> Uh, Nabil, I'm curious if you could
maybe talk a little bit more about sort
of the the rising cost pressures on on
the hardware side. I mean, we just had
Lenovo uh on the show this week and we
were talking about how, you know, this
rise and pick up in memory prices, for
example, and how they're managing that.
just broadly speaking as a sector, how
do you see that playing out next year in
terms of cost pressures and also
margins?
>> Absolutely. So, this is this um we just
released our um you know latest
forecast. We do think that the rising
memory costs and um capacity shortages
is going to play a huge um uh headwind
on on the smartphone market and
particularly on the low-end Android
where you know margins are are tighter,
right? And and that's where we think
it's going to create um not only just
OEMs are going to have to debate between
uh you know increasing uh memory costs
and therefore um the low end is going to
face that pressure more than more than
anything and therefore the Android part
of the market uh we're expecting to face
that uh more than anything and thus
either um OEMs are going to have to um
pass the cost to and increase prices
therefore pass the cost to um the
consumers um and raise prices or um
negotiate in terms of um you know in
terms of uh balancing it with um other
specifications. So reducing and and
balanced cost um and therefore you know
keep the higher memory but uh cost but
reduce specifications and therefore
reduce cost um in other places in order
to keep balanced um prices. But there's
going to be, you know, a lot of um
there's going to be a lot of uh things
that the OEM is going to have to um uh
navigate in order to avoid raising uh
raising prices. But I think at the end
of the day, uh it's going to be almost
impossible to not raise prices. And
therefore, um from our forecast, we're
expecting a little bit of a um
shift in terms of the pricing mix. We're
expecting a shift in terms of um more
smartphones in the um mid-range and
lesser in the low end and as also a drop
in the Android um market rather from
what we were expecting earlier. So
there's going to be a a shift in in uh
pricing mix as well as a rise in ASB in
2026.
>> Nella, thanks very much for joining us.
That's Nabila Perpal there, senior
research director at IDC. And let's take
a look at what's happening in US equity
futures this morning because we did see
again that recovery a lot of appetite
for risk sentiment overnight as well
just given again going back to that Fed
story but also this rethinking around
Alphabet in particular and and really
re-entering the AI race because we have
seen a chip type for instance with
anthropic but but also just that sort of
general sentiment the reaction we've had
to its latest Gemini model as well.
Let's get more uh with our tech reporter
Newly Pernell joining us this morning.
And newly, I I'm a bit confused on this
one, I will say, because [laughter]
we have been talking about this sort of
rethinking around Alphabet's AI
capabilities and and it was initially
seen as a bit of a lagard, but now it's
really caught up. But in terms of the
stock price performance, it's still the
best performer in the MAG 7, I think,
for this year. So what's the difference
between between what you see in terms of
that broader runup versus that thinking
now is the time when you've got that
change perception of AI,
>> right? Well, as one analyst I talked to
put it, um Google has long been a
sleeping giant and now they're fully
awake. I think what it adds up to is
several small incremental developments.
There's the news about the TPU, the
tensor processing unit chips that you
talk about, which of course competes
with Nvidia. There is um of course this
deal they've linked with anthropic but
also suggestions they could be working
with Meta um the new Google Gemini so
their new uh rival to chat GPT is
drawing rave reviews people suggesting
it's really good at coding at reasoning
so that's been a known product for them
and seems to be improving the cloud
business which is you know supports lots
of um of AI computing efforts is growing
and then an interesting one as well a
kind of Alphabet Inc. the broad parent
company um is making strides with Whimo,
its self-driving uh service, which
competes with Tesla and others. They're
expanding into more and more US cities,
and they've just gotten permission to be
the first uh self-driving provider to go
on US highways. So, when you add up all
of this, it looks like, as other
analysts told us for for our our recent
reporting, that they seem to be kind of
in a position to own the whole stack. So
everything from chips to cloud computing
to the AI services and then of course
they just are able to hoover up an
enormous amount of data from users which
is really important in training all
these systems whether it's search how
people use YouTube Android phones. So
it's all maybe this picture is coming
together of a company that's really well
positioned to benefit from a lot of
these uh growing trends. Yeah, it's
interesting because I think uh Alibaba
was making a similar point in its
earnings overnight that that people were
really gravitating toward that company
that essentially as you say has that
full AI stack and and maybe better
chances around monetization because when
you look at a company like Open AI and
there's the reporting that they're going
to have a couple hundred million users
that are paying subscriptions by the end
of this decade. I mean that's still you
know you need to have maybe you've got
that monetization path has to be very
strong for a company
>> right and I think it points to some of
the some of the challenges here for
Google and and some of these other
players first on chips as some people
pointed out to us it's not a zero- sum
game so there will likely be many
winners uh not just one winner of course
in a very strong position but even if
Google continues to make strides it's
not as if it's going to be a winner take
all that's one another challenge I think
is um people have pointed out there's
very little switching cost involved in
using some of these chat GBT, Google
Gemini, uh some of the other services.
So consumers aren't really locked into
one and so people can easily float
around the other that draws into
question how they could be monetized.
And then also on the enterprise, people
have pointed out that uh Microsoft is
really a leader here in integrating AI
tools uh into people's uh systems they
use in the office. Google is lagging a
little bit with that in Gemini. So u
obviously and these technologies evolve
very quickly. We don't even really know
how some of these are going to pan out,
but Google does seem to be making
strides to across a variety of different
applications.
>> Yeah, I guess that I mean with Gemini,
there's that question, are they really
back in the game, but what are the
biggest risks that you see and and I'm
also interested in
this has been a challenge. Okay, going
back to another Chinese company, but BU
for instance, we've spoken consistently
about maybe cannibalizing their their ad
search revenue. Is that at all a
challenge for for Alphabet in this race
as well? It's been something that people
have pointed out for a long time that
that they have faced the classic
innovators dilemma. They have this
enormous worldleading cash cow in their
search business and yet they see as many
companies do that the wave of the future
is probably going to involve some sort
of generative AI service. And so many
people pointed out in in fact Google's
own you know previous staff have pointed
out that that's been a stumbling block
that they had created a lot of the
technology underpinning what Chacht is
doing and they hadn't until more
recently been able to integrate it into
their existing products but now we see
more and more AI capabilities being
incorporated into search and another
analyst I talked to for for our recent
reporting said it seems that they have
they've they've overcome the innovator's
dilemma now and they are innovating and
not letting it disrupt their main
product, which of course is their
advertising business. So that this this
full stra integration would point to the
fact that they're they're not letting
their hugely successful search business
stop them from innovating on AI.
>> Very interesting, newly, and I'm I'm
glad at least from maybe from a
journalist perspective to see the AI
races opening up a little bit and we're
going to have a lot more to talk about
who's at that leadership board into
2026. That was that tech reporter there,
Newly Pernell. And just as we've been
speaking, actually another top story
this morning, we do have Kevin Hasset
appearing on Fox News. He's been asked
about his appetite to to become the next
Fed chair. He's saying he would say yes
if he were asked to take on that
leadership position. This is again going
back to the reporting we had at
Bloomberg. We were the first to report
that [music] the White House National
Economic Council Director Kevin Kevin
Hasset rather is seen as a frontr runner
to replace Jay Pal when his term ends
[music] next year. is we'll have more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Right. Uh welcome back. You're watching
the China Show. Right before we go,
we're looking at ch uh some defense
names in in Taiwan. a reports out uh out
of the United Daily News here reporting
that uh we could be looking at maybe
budgets, higher budget drone
procurement. They'll know more about
this.
>> Well, I think uh yeah, I think drones is
is it firstly you've got two things that
are at play. Taiwan is trying to
diversify its economy away from that
huge reliance just on on chips,
semiconductors. They're looking into new
high-tech industries or or newer
industries like drones. drones, of
course, you're seeing not just have the
civilian but the military applications.
So, it's really a numbers game and and
essentially as as governments build out
their their arsenals and their
infantries, they're looking for a large
range of different drone suppliers.
Taiwan is trying to to shift into
becoming one of the leaders in the
so-called non- red China supply chain.
They're trying to make drones that are
completely free of any Chinese parts.
>> And that's the push that they're making.
But it's a very competitive landscape
because of course drone leaders I mean
you've got those in Turkey for instance
Israel a lot of other economies are
already very capable of making drones.
China of course really controlling the
market
>> and we'll find more uh hear more on the
story of course in about 40 minutes from
now of course with the briefing out of
Taiwan. Uh just before we wrap up things
just tell you about Vanc the tanking in
the bonds there. We're now trading at
68. We're suspended right now. We resume
trade I believe in a couple of minutes
here. Of course, that's the that the
halt on the back of a very sharp move in
the price. This is the 364 bond that's
due in March of 2027. These are local
currency bonds. Just to tell you about
that, too. Uh, very quickly, we'll leave
you with a look at the big movers here
in the Hong Kong [music] markets, and we
will see you all tomorrow.